Baby
After mom settles everything
Just take you away
You have to be obedient
It's not like this about dealing with grandma
Young grandma has eaten
I'll be down in a minute
jing sheng
I was talking too fast.
I apologize to you.
I'm sorry, since Wen Yan is pregnant
Then let him stay
From now on, under the same roof
I will tolerate him more
I'm glad you feel that way.
In fact, our baby months are getting bigger and bigger.
I'm going to the maternity check-up today.
The doctor said it was a big fat boy
I will definitely give birth to a son for you
Wang Ma, this bitter melon turtle soup was prepared by you
I don't know.
It's me. I'm at the Michelin restaurant.
I waited in line for a long time to buy it.
Warm words, I used to speak badly
You take care of it.
Drink more soup to replenish your body
The beginning of summer
Do you know
Do not eat bitter melon and methanol in the early stage of pregnancy
These two things are very likely to cause miscarriage
How is that possible?
I've been eating it every day lately.
Is there any problem?
Are you sure this kind of sugar should not be drunk by pregnant women?
It's your say
Shut up, you have no common sense.
Still not pregnant at all
What do you mean in classical Chinese?
Stop looking for thieves and shout out thieves, don't make noise
Call the doctor
Check each of them